the first range rover appeared in
1970 late 2012 is more than 40 years after
land rover launched its fourth
range rover generation that want to
the ultimate in
luxury carcasses
the new version now reaches 5
meters long but its height goes down to
1 m 84 enough to fit in easily
in the car parks the French range
offers a petrol 510 v8 or
diesel well of 258 all 339 horsepower
it's the most powerful diesel a v8
that we try associated with a finish
high-end autobiography with in
so impressive red option of 22
points this new range rover makes strong
impression as soon as one climbs aboard
ubiquitous leather rises to the top of the
dashboard and counterports on the
flag sky and in alcantara and the
thick carpet
the luxury is obvious but the orders
stay clear and simple the screen
central contains a multitude of settings
whose type of massage you
want it has a function
split screen
the passenger does not see the same thing
that the driver and rear passenger
are also pampered with their own
clean heated seats and plenty of it
pass the opening chest obviously
electric is gigantic
compared to the previous generation
this one has lost more than 300 kilos but
our big baby weighs more than two
tons three diesel v8 assaults and its
huge couple
it accelerates loudly and the sound of the same v8
diesel is nice this engine seems
tireless and easily revive even at
high speed
despite the huge 22-inch wheels the
comfort is simply
impressive as much by the sweetness of
suspensions only for silence and even
if he does not take too much roll this is
we normally put more to
scion highways only on small roads
sinuous
not to mention the off-road where go
turns out to be a true adventurer much more
capable in crossing that most
suv but we wonder who is there
to cross with such
not very well protected
bodywork and especially considering the price
our high-end model costs 1,621
1500 euros off options a budget
Pharaonic but it is true that
overall benefits of this new
range are impressive at least the
new red costs 90 thousand euros with
the diesel v6 in finish hse and x5
cayenne q7 and other jld it's almost
low cost next